{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	Merry mopped his forehead and cursed silently under his breath. The library was hot and Merry had worked up quite a sweat moving large heavy stacks of books from one shelf to another. He glanced up at the sound of laughter from a group of students at the table directly across from him. Immediately self conscious, he smoothed his damp, fair hair, which at this moment resembled a bale of straw, and hoped his face was not too flushed with heat.  He sighed, relieved as he realized the students sitting nearby didn't appear noticed him.  To Merry the other novice magicians looked like they didn't have a trouble in the world. While he was covered in a thin sheen of sweat, they didn't seem to mind the stifling heat that built up in a building thickly insulated by scores of books lining the walls. Merry knew they didn't notice the heat because they all wore small crystals tied around there necks, enchanted to make the air around them cool and comfortable. He was quite capable of making a similar atmosphere charm for himself, yet he wasn't allowed to because unauthorized magic use was forbidden. He could by one of course, but charms were expensive and he could not afford such an extravagance. He could not afford to attend the School either, so it was a good thing he wasn't the one paying for it.\
	Six years ago Merry impressed the recruiter from the School of Magic with his unusual abilities and earned a scholarship. He supposed he should be grateful that he was even here at all, serving as an assistant to the librarian of the school of magic. Professor McQuillen was one of the most respected magicians in the world and possessed a vast amount of knowledge of the history of magic.  Merry knew he should be appreciative of the opportunity to even be near such a man but at the moment, all he could think about was how hard the librarian made him work. \
}